Today's the day, Gwen. Today's the day.
Irene and her assistant are truly the perfect match.
Shh, keep it down, Gwen. Here's your miss.
Today's a great day for you with the company being handed over.
Cheer up, darling.
There's a lot of reporters around.
We should show a love.
Oh, it'll be funny if you say. I've still got the spod of the one.
Mary.
Where do you think you're going?
Ah, ah, ah.
Let's remember, you're just an assistant.
You ought to qualify to attend a high-class event of this nature.
I'm the host.
Are you high?
Janiton!
How are you the host?
Very funny.
So we can't polish it, Dad.
You can certainly eat one, eh? You fucking shit muncher?
That's how you want. You want to come in?
My shoes are rather dirty.
Why don't you kneel down and maybe clean them up?
Go on.
See it as a promotion to your current responsibilities.
Who is responsible for?
Torturing my ears with this dreadful racket.
Best you get down to the hospital.
We get a checked out because we don't welcome weak old farts in here.
Duke's butler, could the duke show up today?
The butler's feel on the dukes we have.
Mr. Graham, insult me as much as you like.
I will.
However, I advise you not to end a Mr. Daniel.